https://par-fr-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Paris vultr
https://fra-de-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Frankfurt vultr
https://ams-nl-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Amsterdam vultr
https://lon-gb-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin London vultr
https://nj-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin New_Jersey vultr
https://fl-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Florida vultr
https://ga-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Atlanta vultr
https://il-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Chicago vultr
https://sgp-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Singapore vultr
https://tx-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Texas vultr
https://wa-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Seattle vultr
https://hnd-jp-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Japan vultr
http://lg-lax.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Los_Angeles fdcservers
https://sjo-ca-us-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin San_Jose vultr
https://syd-au-ping.vultr.com/vultr.com.100MB.bin Sydney vultr
http://speedtest.newark.linode.com/100MB-newark.bin Newark linode
http://speedtest.atlanta.linode.com/100MB-atlanta.bin Atlanta linode
http://speedtest.dallas.linode.com/100MB-dallas.bin Dallas linode
http://speedtest.fremont.linode.com/100MB-fremont.bin Fremont linode
http://speedtest.frankfurt.linode.com/100MB-frankfurt.bin Frankfurt linode
http://speedtest.london.linode.com/100MB-london.bin London linode
http://speedtest.singapore.linode.com/100MB-singapore.bin Singapore linode
http://speedtest.tokyo2.linode.com/100MB-tokyo2.bin Tokyo linode
http://speedtest-nyc1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test New_York digitalocean
http://speedtest-nyc2.digitalocean.com/100mb.test New_York digitalocean
http://speedtest-nyc3.digitalocean.com/100mb.test New_York digitalocean
http://speedtest-ams2.digitalocean.com/100mb.test Amsterdam digitalocean
http://speedtest-ams3.digitalocean.com/100mb.test Amsterdam digitalocean
http://speedtest-sfo1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test San_Fransisco digitalocean
http://speedtest-sfo2.digitalocean.com/100mb.test San_Fransisco digitalocean
http://speedtest-sgp1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test Singapore digitalocean
http://speedtest-lon1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test London digitalocean
http://speedtest-fra1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test Frankfurt digitalocean
http://speedtest-tor1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test Toronto digitalocean
http://speedtest-blr1.digitalocean.com/100mb.test Bangalore digitalocean
http://speed.atl.coloat.com/100mb.test Atlanta coloat
http://cachefly.cachefly.net/100mb.test CacheFly cachefly
http://speedtest.dal05.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Dallas softlayer
http://speedtest.sea01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Seattle softlayer
http://speedtest.sjc01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip San_Jose softlayer
http://speedtest.wdc01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Washington softlayer
http://speedtest.sng01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Singapore softlayer
http://mirror.i3d.net/100mb.bin Netherlands i3d
http://mirror.leaseweb.com/speedtest/100mb.bin Netherlands leaseweb
http://speedtest.lon02.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip London softlayer
http://speedtest.mex01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Mexico softlayer
http://speedtest.sao01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Sao_Paulo softlayer
http://speedtest.mil01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Milano softlayer
http://speedtest.tor01.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Toronto softlayer
http://speedtest.hkg02.softlayer.com/downloads/test100.zip Hong_Kong softlayer
http://lg-chie.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Chicago fdcservers
http://lg-dene.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Denver fdcservers
http://lg-lax.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Los_Angeles fdcservers
http://lg-mia.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Miami fdcservers
http://lg-nyc.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip New_York fdcservers
http://lg-sea.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Seattle fdcservers
http://lg-tor.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Toronto fdcservers
http://lg-ams.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Amsterdam fdcservers
http://lg-fra.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Frankfurt fdcservers
http://lg-lon.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip London fdcservers
http://lg-mad.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Madrid fdcservers
http://lg-par.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Paris fdcservers
http://lg-vie.fdcservers.net/100MBtest.zip Vienna fdcservers
